hello youtubers good this time
I will teach how to download for mac the
live for speed most wanted is a file
namely because good towers in the
previous video I gave them the link of
download the good torrent has already
downloaded the torrent this open it and
we go to our browser
good since we are in the browser them
I'm going to leave this download link in the
description of the video
good since they have copied the link of
discharge
they stick it and they will send it directly
here
fully
do not look here good
as you can see the game weighs two points
three lives
It is very good
and well they give in to get history since it
I have downloaded the torrent
you are clicked to run the application
let's do ok
and it's going to go directly here but in
this time as I have it I will give it
stop
Remove from my list
and to proceed with is good since what
have downloaded
is going to give them a zip file
and since they have decompressed it
this icon will appear good I'm going to
put the game but itself as I am
recording with kid chain player appears
bad and how is torrent game
a box appears in a small box
It looks bad but in reality it looks very
well the game will be full screen
it is very well seen in full screen
and maybe you are not sure why
I had them clean but at the time of
put the video you see a small picture
good but in reality
not because they are called here it looks very good
is that it is the program that I have for
download it from the beach
very well
you can really walk
and smiled
but seriously guys
yes
yes very good as one of my three but
is very very much this game good
youtubers this is all for today is
my second video is not in the hands of like
subscribe and goodbye